Feature/sim player scripts changelog (#1530)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: CHANGELOG.md

- The server no longer crashes, when received RPCs are processed recursively.
- DeploymentLauncher can parse a .pb.json launch configuration.

### Features:

> - Added two scripts to the UnrealExampleProject: LaunchSimPlayerClient.bat and LaunchSimPlayers.bat. LaunchSimPlayerClient.bat will launch a single SimPlayer client. LaunchSimPlayers.bat will launch 10 SimPlayer clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In local deployments of the Example Project you can now launch Simulated Players in one click. Running `LaunchSimPlayerClient.bat` will launch a single Simulated Player client. Running `LaunchSimPlayers.bat` will launch 10.
```

Reviewer: This better conforms to the WIIFM format advocated in: [how-to-write-good-release-notes.md](https://github.com/spatialos/UnrealGDK/blob/release/SpatialGDK/Extras/internal-documentation/how-to-write-good-release-notes.md).

Author: Ooooh, nice.
